alright blues and welcome back to the
transfer target it's part one of today's
transfer target because you are sick of
me quoting Christophe to her on Twitter
so we brought Christophe to her to you
to clear up what's happening we Kevin de
Bruyne after last night's complete
Twitter meltdown so it's Kevin de Bruyne
of staying at Wolfsburg is it it's that
happening decision hasn't been taken yet
so I don't think he might stay but I
think city's still really in for him so
it's up to the next days to take a
decision he has to decide and I think
walls Berg will play an important part
in the decision because they still they
have rejected all but so far although
they say there has been no bit yes there
have been a few offers already so it
will be decided one of the coming hours
or one of the next day so city are still
in for him and I hear city are still
confident to get him so what happened in
last night he he seems to say he was
staying yeah he definitely said that but
it was a moderator who told him to
repeat his sentence he first set I they
asked the IE got an award they asked for
two future and he said yeah I like it at
Wolfsburg I like the familiar atmosphere
and then the moderator tried to let him
say I will definitely stay at Wolfsburg
forever in German but East German isn't
that good and he repeated in twice not
knowing what was happening or not
knowing what should happen or what would
have been the impact of it because it
was a show 4,000 people I guess and then
suddenly the German guys all started
tweeting he staying i retweeted a tweet
and honestly thought this is this is a
contradiction with what I've been told
so far and then I tried to call his
people his parents his agent didn't pick
up the phone because they were in show
of course and then I got a phone call
from German colleague who said the F had
the walls blue press officer he says he
did don't know what he said and if it
was what he's saying that then I knew
something was wrong so I tweeted the
same kind of things that he had to
repeat it without saying he's definitely
staying but yeah on that at that moment
damage has been done already so everyone
thought he was
staying and then I got a phone call from
his agent who left the show they just
left the show after this exploded and he
said and I want you to get the message
out that were devastated that this in
the most important week of his career
that they tried to trick him with this
so they felt they felt a bit betrayed by
the show so by the moderator by the
people made the show so so could this be
the trigger than that sets and the
wheels in motion as it were for the
transfer I think the wheels were already
in motion this won't influence the
transfer too much I think I think to
meet the meetings day hat or the
meetings day will have already planned
so I think Dixie Bagheera stump
yesterday would after all what's this
dish it I don't care about it so how
much money is it going to take because
apparently there's been a bit of 49.5
yeah and yeah wellsburg they dream of
fifty fifty seven million pounds they
won't get it I thing because City have
that budget I think it will take up to
50 million pounds to get him so it's now
up to wars book to accept that they know
the player is thinking about the move
they feel it's a lot of money for player
who has performed one good season so
does the play one the move I'm not sure
he hasn't a place never speak out but I
think he feels something for the movies
he's up to a new challenge that thing
certainly when a team like city comes in
he has something to prove in England to
after his time at chelsea so he wants to
go to the team that shows them that they
want him the most and I think it's city
because I was booked tried to offer him
a new contract on sunday evening it was
a they double this Wade's but it's it's
not a city wake so is he worth fifty
million pounds well and there's another
player I don't know players will worth
fifty million pounds in my eyes but he
has something special so I understand
why city are going for him he can play
the ticket Tucker way of football he can
play the he can play direct footballer
he has a lot of lots of options so it's
a versatile player so he's one of the
tus talents in Germany if you can get
him before buying buys him I should go
for him too so how highly thought of his
the in Belgium hits on the same level as
Eden Hazard we have yeah 4 stars in
Belgium thats tebow Kootra Eden Hazard
Vincent Kompany and given the brn
because giving the Briana performs
better than has it in the national team
belgian fans thinks he's our best
players so so she could move committed
yeah we will have to see it has to adapt
to english football never by his blade
for games for chelsea in the Premier
League oh 3 i'm not sure about some in
the champions league but it's always
difficult to predict if we got is he
going to adapt to the way of playing in
England but I think he has all the
qualities to make it so yes it's a good
move and are you confident that we'll
see him in a city share this season I'm
quite confident yes from what I hear is
that he had it didn't move can happen so
I think he will be in the city sure but
I don't know when it can be this week it
can be next week or it can be in the
beginning of September I don't know we
are playing after the international
break um I can't think off top my head
but we've got ever turnin on Watford so
maybe for Watford maybe but i'll go for
crystal i will go for Crystal Palace I
think I hope the move will be done
before and otherwise i will be dragging
on this stopping for two weeks so I want
i wounded out too so brilliant well that
there we have it Christoph's finally
told us what's what cleared up that mess
from last night I've left his their
twitter handle in the description below
go and follow him on twitter he's the
most reliable guy out there for the
bridal thanks coming on and then make
sure you check out part 2 the link will
be in the description as well and i'll
see you tomorrow for a 49 of the
transfer time
the living